Mr. Seth Kelly
Executive Vice President,
BlueInk Technologies
Albuquerque, NM

  Dear Mr. Kelly,                                                       5/09/18
                                                                                I would like to first off thank your organization for being part of my journey into software development. I am intrigued with BlueInk as a New Mexico technology company with an innovative approach to an actual user-problem. I believe that with my skills from Vanderbilt University, New Mexico Military Institute (NMMI), and the local Deep Dive Coding, I will be a crucial value-add for your company and an ideal candidate for your listed Web Development Internship.
                                                                                When I initially decided to move to Albuquerque, I was looking for a part time job to help support myself in addition to interning for Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham. Supporting her cause was the only constant in my life at that time - and brought me to your organization through her 2017 statement honoring the company on the floor of the House of Representatives. Recognizing my situation at the time, I realized to be able to contribute value to BlueInk I could take pride in, and forge the relationships and experience I need to transition into the workforce, I needed to become a commodity as an employee and the same day enrolled in Deep Dive Coding's Fullstack Web Development Bootcamp.
                                                                                Frankly, I am great at what I do. My time-management, interpersonal communication, and discipline help me excel at immersing myself into software development- and although my personal grit is often tested, I genuinely enjoy working through coding puzzle-like problems to engineer practical results and functional applications. The first problem I would apply myself to were I given an opportunity with BlueInk would be to repair the Careers page on your website: the page would actually display the job description for each position when the user 'clicks' on the title.
                                                                                I appreciate your consideration and look forward to hearing from you. I know that taking on a junior developer is initially a liability, yet I can assure you I will be an exceptional addition to your team.
                                                                                Gus Liakos                                                                gusliakos@gmail.com                                                        575-637-9455
